-----------------------------------------------------
Matrix Based Green Terminal Web Template Prompt
-----------------------------------------------------




-----------------------------
Prompt
-----------------------------


can you create me a new html based website based on the matrix film franchise.  I will host this site on IIS 10 (windows server 2025)   

The core pages will be as follows

Home page
“Type‑in” intro animation on Home (auto typing with cursor)
The home page will contain links to all of the other pages, please create some sample content and links

News page
The news page will contain links to news stories i create in markdown format please use Front‑matter in Markdown, when an item is clicked on it will open in terminal-esque screen modal display
Please create some sample news pages

Projects page
The projects page will follow the same format at the news page, please create 10 sample projects using the Deep‑linking modals + keyboard shortcuts and front-matter markdown


About page
Use rich markdown for this page so that i can edit with ease 

Site wide
enable the site so that when i update the headder and footer it is replicated through all of the pages

also create the following sub site called "Tools" with the following pages:

password generator
This page will be used to generate passwords in the with the following requirements
3 blocks of 6 letters seperated by a hyphen
each block contains unique letters all lower case
change any of the 2 letters in the whole 3 blocks to be a number and uppercase letters
as part of the form, add fields to create username and website
create buttons to download the password and fields into a csv file

Downloads
What: Host files (pdf, zip, assets) with checksums and short notes.
Model: content/downloads/downloads.json → direct links in assets/ or external URLs.
UI: List with file size and optional SHA256; click to download (no modal needed).


Gallery (Images or ASCII)
What: Screens, posters, concept art or ASCII art.
Model: content/gallery/gallery.json → entries referencing image files or embedded ASCII in Markdown.
UI: Grid → click shows full details in modal; green tint via CSS filters.

ontact & Keys
What: A contact page with PGP public key / fingerprints, social links, and a simple contact method.
Model: content/contact.md
UI: Markdown panel (no modal necessary).


for additional settings create:
create different themes that switch the colour, offer several different colours such as a blue hue, lighter green hue, yellow hue, orange hue.
Search/filter on News/Projects
can you center the page within the browser and also allow it to work well in a mobile browser.

the site will sit at thr root of the iis site
can you use a rich markdown engine and demonstrate its capabilities within one of the sample news entries
